AWS Security Hub - OCSF app doc (#5644)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: blog-service/2025-08-01-apps.md

---
title: AWS Security Hub - OCSF (Apps)
image: https://help.sumologic.com/img/reuse/rss-image.jpg
keywords:
  - apps
  - aws-security-hub
hide_table_of_contents: true    
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

> We're excited to introduce the new AWS Security Hub - OCSF app for Sumo Logic, which enables you to gain real-time visibility into your security hub findings data. This apps helps the security team to identify threats, track compliance violations, and investigate affected resources with speed and clarity. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/cloud-security-monitoring-analytics/aws-security-hub-ocsf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're excited to introduce the new AWS Security Hub - OCSF app for Sumo Logic, which enables you to gain real-time visibility into your security hub findings data. This apps can help security teams identify threats, track compliance violations, and investigate affected resources with speed and clarity. [Learn more](/docs/integrations/cloud-security-monitoring-analytics/aws-security-hub-ocsf).
```
